"Elliptical curve cryptography (ECC) is a public key encryption technique based on elliptic curve theory that can be used to create faster, smaller, and more efficient cryptographic keys. ECC generates keys through the properties of the elliptic curve equation instead of the traditional method of generation as the product of very large prime numbers. The technology can be used in conjunction with most public key encryption methods, such as RSA, and Diffie-Hellman. Here in this project we have two entities- User and Admin. The admin will manage users. The admin can upload and share files with a particular user. The uploaded file will be encrypted using AES algorithm. Users can then decode the shared file using the decryption key. , Security and Encryption ",
"Our project aims at a system that provides the required authority, the ability to change the password as and when needed. Organizational security is an important factor these days. This is applicable to intellectual as well as physical property security. Our system aims to provides an improved security systems to domestic and organizational industry. Our project has a system that is configured to allow authorized person with a password. A password changing provision is also provided along with it. The password entering feature is provide through remote access. The remote access is provided with the use of an android application that is to be run on any android operated device. The app provides an interactive GUI for this system. , Android Mobile Development, Security and Encryption ",
"The project is a security system which allows only authorized access to users with a password. The system has a feature of changing the password anytime by the authorized user as required. The project comprises of a microcontroller of 8051 family that is interfaced to an EEPROM which stores the password. The project requires a keypad to enter password, and a Motor Driver that is interfaced to microcontroller for locking or unlocking a door or any security system. An alert would be produced if there is any wrong attempt and a door open if the attempt is right. The project can be used for security purposes in home, offices, organizations etc. , Security and Encryption ",
"Our project enables users to send secret codes by entering messages through computer keyboard and sending the code through RF transmitters. This secret code sent is received through an RF receiver. The rest functionality is performed at receiving end thus maintaining confidentiality of the message. The system is designed to be used for secret code transmissions needed in military, government or other sensitive communications. User may type his message through a computer keyboard. This is then processed by an 8051 microcontroller and delivered to the receiver end wirelessly. This system has a secret code attached to the transmission. , Security and Encryption ",
"This is an innovative approach to video surveillance software project. We normally find video cameras in banks and other organization that continuously record and save the recorded video footage for days or months. This utilizes a lot of battery life and storage capacity to store these large video footage. Well this video surveillance software is an enhanced version of organization security that continuously monitors but only records unusual changes in the organization. These unusual changes may include theft detection or fire detection in offices. It may also include rodent detection in bakeries or restaurants after closing. As soon as the system catches any unusual activity it takes steps and informs the user. , Image Processing, Security and Encryption, Web | Desktop Application ",
"The project allows user to input an image as its password and only user knows what the image looks like as a whole. On receiving the image the system segments the image into an array of images and stores them accordingly. The next time user logs on to the system the segmented image is received by the system in a jumbled order. Now if user chooses the parts of image in an order so as to make the original image he sent then user is considered authentic. Else the user is not granted access. The system uses image segmentation based on coordinates. , Image Processing, Security and Encryption, Web | Desktop Application ",
"This project addresses various data leakage problems: Consider a data sender who transfers some confidential data to some of his counterparts (third party). Some of this sensitive data gets leaked accidentally or purposely by an attacker and is downloaded on his terminal. The distributor must find the possibilities that the compromised data was from one or more of his counterparts, as opposed to having gathered by other means. So our project allows for data allocation tactics (through the counterparts) that improves the chances of identifying data leakages. , Data mining, Security and Encryption, Web | Desktop Application ",
"An automatic answer checker application that checks and marks written answers similar to a human being. This software application is built to check subjective answers in an online examination and allocate marks to the user after verifying the answer. The system requires you to store the original answer for the system. This facility is provided to the admin. The admin may insert questions and respective subjective answers in the system. These answers are stored as notepad files. When a user takes the test he is provided with questions and area to type his answers. , Artificial Intelligence & ML, Data mining, Image Processing, Security and Encryption, Sensor, Web | Desktop Application ",
"HECKS YOUR .DOC OR .DOCX FILES IN THIS YOU CAN ATTACH FOLDER OF WORD DOCS AND THEN THE BELOW CONDITIONS CAN BE CHECKED IN THOSE DOC FILES AND ERROR REPORTS CAN BE GENERATED: All the pages must be separate files, i.e 800 pages will be 800 files. All formatting should be in inches. FILE: Page set up: Top-Bottom-Left-Right 0.25 and Gutter: 0.5 Paper size A4, Layout: header/footer 0.7 Heading first Heading Style 1 Arial 16 Bold Heading second Heading Style 2 Arial 14 Bold & Italic. Heading third Heading Style 3 Arial 13 Bold & Italic. Use only in Header & Footer Heading position. , Artificial Intelligence & ML, Data mining, Image Processing, Security and Encryption, Web | Desktop Application ",
"In past days student mark their attendance on paper but sometimes there are chances of losing the paper. In that case we cannot calculate the attendance of students. So to overcome these issues we implement the system that will hide all student information (identity card) inside the Bar-Code. The project is a system that takes down students attendance using bar-code. Every student is provided with a card containing a unique bar-code. Each bar-code represents a unique id of students. Students just have to scan their cards using bar-code scanner and the system notes down their attendance as per dates. , Artificial Intelligence & ML, Data mining, Image Processing, Security and Encryption, Web | Desktop Application ",
"The system is developed for deploying an easy and a secure way of taking down attendance. The software first captures an image of all the authorized persons and stores the information into database. The system then stores the image by mapping it into a face coordinate structure. Next time whenever the registered person enters the premises the system recognizes the person and marks his attendance along with the time. It the person arrives late than his reporting time, the system speaks a warning you are xx minutes late! Do not repeat this. Note: This system has around 40%-60% accuracy in scanning and recognizing faces. , Artificial Intelligence & ML, Data mining, Image Processing, Security and Encryption, Web | Desktop Application ",
"Military access is the most secure access provision and needs to be kept that way considering national security issues. Usual military authentication and authorization techniques consist of one way authentication techniques with just one form of authentication, namely password or smart card or biometric. Here we propose a two stage authentication/authorization technique for secured military access to authorized personnel. The first stage is a card scanning system, each authorized personnel must have a smart card. On card scanning the system also asks of an additional 4 digit code associated with it, on entering the right code the personnel goes to the next stage of authentication. , Security and Encryption, Sensor, Web | Desktop Application ",
"Our project proposes a secured ATM (Any time Money) system using a card scanning system along with Otp password system on sms for improved security. Usual ATM systems do not contain the OTP feature for money withdrawal. If an attacker manages to get hold of ATM card and the pin number he may easily use it to withdraw money fraudently. So our proposed system supports the ATM card scanning system along with an OTP system. The user may scan his card and login to the system. But after user is through with this authentication he may view details but is asked to enter OTP as soon as he clicks money withdrawal option. , Security and Encryption, Web | Desktop Application ",
"Research laboratories funded by private or government organizations are of strategic importance to a country. A lot of sensitive research is carried on in such laboratories. The confidentiality of such premises is of prime importance for the benefit of the society. At such time it becomes necessary to ensure high level authentication and authorization of personnel entering such facilities. A single form of authentication/authorization is not enough for these sensitive organizations. Here we propose a system that combines two different forms of authentication techniques to ensure only authorized persons access the premises. Our system integrates biometrics with secure card to create a dual secure high end security system never implemented before. , Image Processing, Security and Encryption, Web | Desktop Application ",
"The Data Encryption Standard (DES) algorithm is a widely accepted system for data encryption that makes use of a private (secret) key that was judged so hard to break by the U.S. government that it was confined for exportation to different nations. There are more than 71,000,000,000,000,000 (71 quadrillion) encryption keys to be used in this algorithm. For any given message, the key is picked at irregular interval from among this colossal number of keys. Like other private key cryptographic routines, both the sender and the collector must know and utilize a common private key. Many companies, governments, military and other fields make use of DES algorithm for secure data transfer over unsecure networks. , Cloud Computing, Security and Encryption, Web | Desktop Application ",
"Steganography is the technique of hiding private or sensitive information within something that appears to be nothing be a usual image. Steganography involves hiding Text so it appears that to be a normal image or other file. If a person views that object which has hidden information inside, he or she will have no idea that there is any secret information. What steganography essentially does is exploit human perception, human senses are not trained to look for files that have information inside of them. What this system does is, it lets user to send text as secret message inside an image file, user uploads the image and enters the text to send secretly, and gives a... , Security and Encryption, Web | Desktop Application ",
"The proposed software product is liable to meet the required security needs of data center of cloud. Blowfish used for the encryption of file slices takes minimum time and has maximum throughput for encryption and decryption from other symmetric algorithms. The idea of splitting and merging adds on to meet the principle of data security. The hybrid approach when deployed in cloud environment makes the remote server more secure and thus, helps the cloud providers to fetch more trust of their users. For data security and privacy protection issues, the fundamental challenge of separation of sensitive data and access control is fulfilled. , Cloud Computing, Security and Encryption, Web | Desktop Application ",
"Now you can securely perform your ATM transactions with the help of this system as it provides 3 level of security. This system works as follows. Once the user enters the PIN, the user is prompted to enter the OTP (One Time Password) which is a 4-digit random password sent by the server to the user’s registered mobile number. On cross verification with the data stored in the system database, the user is allowed to make a transaction. The underlying mechanism involves combining the concepts of Cryptography and Steganography. The PIN and OTP are encrypted using AES 256. , Security and Encryption, Web | Desktop Application ",
"Steganography involves hiding of text, image or any sensitive information inside another image, video or audio in such a way that an attacker will not be able to detect its presence. Steganography is, many times, confused with cryptography as both the techniques are used to secure information. The difference lies in the fact that steganography hides the data so that nothing appears out of ordinary while cryptography encrypts the text, making it difficult for an outsider to infer anything from it even if they do attain the encrypted text. Both of them are combined to increase the security against various malicious attacks. Image Steganography uses an image as the cover media to hide the secret message. , Security and Encryption, Web | Desktop Application ",
"Users communicate over all social media, but messages are not secured when it passes through network. Intruder can access user’s message easily. We want to secure users communication over all social media. So here we proposed a system where user will enter the plain text and select the algorithm type from AES,DES,MD5,….. and provide the key, a chipper text will be formed that can be sent via any communication application and end user can decrypt the text by selecting the same algorithm type and must enter the same sender secret key. User can use our application and can enter the plain text and must select the algorithm type and must enter the secret key to encrypt the message. , Android Mobile Development, Security and Encryption, Web | Desktop Application ",
"Encryption is commonly used for encryption of text as well as images. Various encryption algorithms exist for this purpose. Here we propose to build a secured image encryption algorithm that can be used to encrypt as well as send images remotely to the intended receiver. Our system can link to remote client to our software installed on remote system and connect to it for image transfer. Our system uses RSA algorithm for this purpose. User may submit his image for encryption. Our system now gets the image and converts it into hex format before being encrypted. , Networking, Parallel And Distributed System, Security and Encryption, Web | Desktop Application ",
"Nowadays people often need to transfer cash from one account to another. In such cases they need to go to bank or search for PC connected to internet to get access to the services offered by internet banking for reliable fund transfer. This system proves to be really beneficial in such cases. As with the help of this system the user just needs to enter the account details. For security, DES algorithm is used along with instant verification and consistency check algorithm. All these are performed for secure electronic fund transfer. Thus a user just needs to visit any EFT center, in order to make the payment. , Networking, Parallel And Distributed System, Security and Encryption, Web | Desktop Application ",
"There are number of social network sites that connect a large amount of people around the world. All social networking sites differ from each other based on various components such as Graphical User Interface, functionality, features etc. Many users have virtual identities on various social network sites. It is common that people are users of more than one social network and also their friends may be registered on multiple social network sites. User may login to different social networking sites at different timing, so user may not find his friends online when he logins to the particular social networking website. , Multimedia, Security and Encryption, Web | Desktop Application ",
"A new hybrid encryption method developed by collaborating the advantages of existing encryption methods, applying different techniques to parts of the message, and analyzing performance. , Security and Encryption, Web | Desktop Application",
"A highly secure encryption methodology using a combination of AES and visual cryptography to ensure safe and secure transactions over the internet. , Security and Encryption, Web | Desktop Application",
"A system that uses file checksum technique to identify and eliminate redundant data, while minimizing false positives through cross-verification. , Security and Encryption, Web | Desktop Application",
"A steganography system that allows users to hide secret text messages within images and securely transfer them over the internet. , Cloud Computing, Security and Encryption, Web | Desktop Application",
"A system for securely transferring messages encrypted with AES algorithm over a network to a remote site, ensuring message integrity and delivery. , Security and Encryption, Web | Desktop Application",
"An improved data leakage detection technique that traces the sources of unauthorized data leakage using a strategy of data allocation across various agents. , Security and Encryption, Web | Desktop Application",
"A project focused on the use of Diffie-Hellman Key Agreement algorithm to establish shared keying material for secure communications. , Security and Encryption, Web | Desktop Application",
"A project that uses Hidden Markov Models for data standardization to join records that relate to the same entity or event in the absence of a shared unique key. , Security and Encryption, Web | Desktop Application",
"A system that ensures secure electronic fund transfer using DES algorithm along with instant verification and consistency check algorithms. , Security and Encryption, Web | Desktop Application",
"Improving privacy policy management in online social networks using proven clustering techniques and policy management approaches based on user memory and opinions. , Cloud Computing, Data mining, Security and Encryption",
"A solution for secure data retrieval in decentralized disruption-tolerant military networks using CP-ABE cryptographic solution for access control. , Cloud Computing, Security and Encryption, Web | Desktop Application",
"A framework for identifying important product aspects from online consumer reviews to improve usability and information navigation. , Cloud Computing, Data mining, Security and Encryption, Web | Desktop Application",
"A novel typicality-based collaborative filtering recommendation method that improves recommendation accuracy by finding neighbors based on user typicality degrees. , Cloud Computing, Data mining, Security and Encryption",
"A location-aware news feed system for mobile users that shares geo-tagged user-generated messages based on location prediction and relevance measures. , Android Mobile development, Security and Encryption",
"A scheme for keyword search that structures ciphertexts by hidden relations, enabling fast retrieval without sacrificing semantic security. , Security and Encryption, Web | Desktop Application",
"A system for ensuring shared data integrity in the cloud through public auditing and efficient user revocation. , Cloud Computing, Security and Encryption, Web | Desktop Application",
"A scheme for multi-keyword ranked search over encrypted cloud data, preserving privacy and enabling efficient retrieval. , Cloud Computing, Security and Encryption",
"A knowledge-based authentication system that uses persuasive cued click-points to enhance security for multimedia content sharing websites. , Multimedia, Security and Encryption",
"An anti-phishing framework that uses visual cryptography to preserve the privacy of image captcha by decomposing it into two shares stored in separate databases. , Security and Encryption, Web | Desktop Application",
"A novel approach for image encryption that employs Sieving, Division, and Shuffling to generate random shares, allowing recovery of the original image without encryption keys. , Image Processing, Security and Encryption, Web | Desktop Application",
"An approach to privacy preserving data publishing that combines generalization and bucketization to anonymize microdata. , Data mining, Security and Encryption, Web | Desktop Application",
"A system for detecting data leakage and identifying the source of leaked data by tracking sensitive information handed over to third parties. , Security and Encryption, Web | Desktop Application"
